Add a KB on null reference exception from the GridRowCollection class (#2006)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-rowcollection-nullreference.md

> ---

Reviewer: Neither "rowcollection", nor "nullreference" exist as separate words like this in the error message. Using them in the URL is not optimal. Consider this:

`grid-nullreferenceexception-gridrowcollection.md`

> title: Null Reference Expection from the GridRowCollection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: NullReferenceException for GridRowCollection
```

> description: Fixing a Null Reference Exception Thrown from the GridRowCollection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to fix a null reference exception thrown for the GridRowCollection property of the Telerik Blazor Grid.
```

type: troubleshooting
page_title: Null Reference Expection from the GridRowCollection

> slug: grid-kb-nullref-gridrowcollection

Reviewer: If you change the `.md` file name, make the slug consistent, e.g.

```suggestion
slug: grid-kb-nullreferenceexception-gridrowcollection
```

position: 
tags: 
ticketid: 1643250, 1642910, 1604815, 1574971, 1577863, 1580684
res_type: kb
---

## Environment
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>Product</td>
			<td>Grid for Blazor</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

## Description

I upgraded the version of the Telerik UI from Blazor components from `<3.0.0` to `>3.0.0` and I get a `NullReferenceException` from the `GridRowCollection` class.

## Error Message

> >warning Error: System.NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object.

Reviewer: Example for multiline error messages:  https://docs.telerik.com/blazor-ui/knowledge-base/root-component-null-reference

You can skip the backticks.

   at Telerik.Blazor.Components.Grid.GridRowCollection`1.BuildRenderTree(RenderTreeBuilder __builder)

## Cause

> The Telerik UI Grid for Blazor throws a `NullReferenceException` from the `GridRowCollection` class when both the `Data` parameter and `OnRead` event handler are defined:

Reviewer: Avoid passive voice.

```suggestion
The Telerik UI Grid for Blazor throws a `NullReferenceException` for the `GridRowCollection` property when using both the `Data` parameter and `OnRead` event handler:
```

> ````CSHTML
> 
> <TelerikGrid Data="@DataCollection" OnRead="@OnReadHandler">
>     ...
> </TelerikGrid>
> ````

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="skip-repl"></div>

````CSHTML
<TelerikGrid Data="@GridData"
             OnRead="@OnGridRead">
</TelerikGrid>
````
```

## Solution

> Remove either the `Data` parameter or the `OnRead` event handler.

Reviewer: If the developer has used `OnRead` for some reason, it's unlikely they will go back to `Data`. Thus the primary recommendation can be phrased in a different way. For example, focus on the new way to use `OnRead` and link the relevant documentation here. The "See Also" links are less visible by definition.

## See Also

> * [Changes in the OnRead Event in 3.0.0]({%slug changes-in-3-0-0%}#onread)

Reviewer: This is not a title, so no need to capitalize.
```suggestion
* [Changes in the `OnRead` event in version 3.0]({%slug changes-in-3-0-0%}#onread)
```

> * [Common OnRead Documentation]({%slug common-features-data-binding-onread%})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Common `OnRead` event documentation]({%slug common-features-data-binding-onread%})
```

> * [Common How to Provide Data Documentation]({%slug common-features-data-binding-overview%})

Reviewer: This is hard to read, because multiple words, including nouns are used as adjectives.

Consider cross-linking this KB from the "How to Provide Data" section.

```suggestion
* [How to provide data to Telerik Blazor components]({%slug common-features-data-binding-overview%}#how-to-provide-data)
```
